Feb 19: It makes the most sense for this to be a web-based application. Possibly/Probably even start as just a web page. That IS how most review sites start. We need a large number of users to make the idea work, and also need to find these business. We even need to take pictures of the receipts and make an image matching thingy. As such, I should probably consider using JavaScript. Other possible languages are PHP, C#, Jquery... I'll have to do some research.

Feb 20: I noticed yesterday that libreoffice has an option to start a new HTML document. Considering it isn't as CPU heavy as IntelliJ, I figured I'd give it a go. At first, it was frustrating. I kept putting in the tags, I'd open the page, and there were the tags. 
Not opening the document correctly. 
Ok, copy and paste this EXACTLY from W3 schools... still not working. 
Ok, let's open it with a simple text editor... huh... 
it has even MORE tags... What?
OHHHHHH...

Turns out libreOffice is more advanced than it seems. It has a frontend and backend editor built in that auto-imports the formatting of websites if you copy-paste them. By default, you're working on the front end (to maximize user-friendliness, I guess), and you can select to work on the backend as well. Now, will I be able to use PHP with this? We shall find out later...

Hit a snag, apparently you have to open the HTML with LibreOffice, not LibreOffice Writer, or it gets fussy. Now I have to learn how to make buttons work. Will check out W3 tomorrow.

Feb. 23
Deleted front page. I was having trouble with LibreOffice. If I chose to view the page's HTML, it wouldn't allow me to switch back. Additionally, it was keeping me confined to a <div> for everything. I'm not sure why. If these problems persist, I may stop using LibreOffice.

Mar. 2
Getting back in the saddle to fulfill my beeminder duties. House duties have been a pain lately, but that's no reason to shirk my responsibilities. I'll have to build a database to flesh out the review system. I'll try SQL, as it seems like it's an appropriate language for this type of thing.

*A friend of mine recommended KVM slice servers. Apparently you need some sort of program or server to host the database. There's also a Google Cloud option I haven't looked at.

Mar. 4
Downloded and installed postgreSQL. Didn't actually make any progress on the website, but considering that this took hours, it seemed fair to make a commit for it.

Mar. 5
Created and destroyed my first database using postgresql! So proud. I kept getting an error because the default user is "postgres." I thought it was just a convention, not what came installed in the program. Eventually I created and destroyed a database called "firstDB" using my "nicolas" name. Seems like that name is gone now, but hey! I know how to make it now!

Mar. 14
Started using AWS to get my server up and running. There are a ton of elements I didn't know I was missing that it seems will be supplied this way. Downloaded SQLWorkbench today, am still working to get it connected to my new database.

Mar. 15
Still having trouble connecting to my new DB. Installed AWS rds cl today, oscillating between using that, the RDS console, pg4admin, and SQLWorkbench, unsure what my next step is. I'll have to keep testing to see what gives constructive feedback.

Mar. 17
Changed security protocols on a new database, still can't connect. Have to keep trying, I'll consult the other 6 pages I bookmarked.

Mar. 18
I'm moving in a new direction now. I had been trying to connect to the database, but in doing so, I believe that I may have completely overlooked a very basic concept; I need a website hosted before I can attach a database to it. I already have the domain name, I just need to move the hosting to Amazon. This will be our next step.

Looks like I'll need to download NPM and Node.js. I'll wait until tomorrow when I have real internet for downloading, as I don't have the capacity to easily download these.

Mar. 20
Downloaded npm and NODE.js. Npm was being a flibbertijibbet, so I had to do a bit of stack overflowing, remove some of this, add some of that, etc. I was getting many "not found errors," and even after fixing it, I was getting "ERR!" and "WARN", so I highly doubt everything will work as intended. My next step is adding some stuff to a text file. I've done this before via CLI, but only once, by putting in some commands and smacking the keyboard, making "a" parameter get added to an "sd" text file full of "f". I'll have to get reacquainted with it. Added the bookmark to my ongoing tings.

Mar. 24
Actually made some headway today by using the command "sudo npm init". That did... something? What I wanted it to do in the tutorial, I guess? I dunno.

Mar. 30
Added a button that displays time. Trying to get feet wet with JS. I'll try to add a new element every day, and eventually cut what I don't need.

<ISSUES>
Need to collect receipts for image recognition
Have to build database of businesses and reviews
Have to learn input validation for HTML
Attach db to my host website
Solve connectivity issues with AWS RDS
Make buttons work

<IDEAS>
Make a "Credibility Score" for the user or post.
